codepen url: https://codepen.io/donnie876/pen/yLOoWYG?    

1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML is the correct use of HTML to reinforce the meaning of content on a web page, rather than merely define its appearance. A semantic element clearly describes its meaning to both the browser and the developer
    2. What is HTML used for? First developed by Tim Berners-Lee in 1990, HTML is short for Hypertext Markup Language. HTML is used to create electronic documents (called pages) that are displayed on the World Wide Web. Each page contains a series of connections to other pages called hyperlinks
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attributes define additional characteristics or properties of the element such as width and height of an image. Attributes are always specified in the start tag (or opening tag) and usually consists of name/value pairs like name="value"
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?The h1 is an HTML tag that indicates a heading on a website.  Ideally, one web page should have one H1 tag only
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. The image tag and the input tag.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? The head element is a container for metadata (data about data) and is placed between the <html> tag and the <body> tag. Metadata is data about the HTML document.
    7. What is an id? The id attribute specifies a unique identifier for an HTML element.The id attribute is most used to point to a style in a style sheet
    8. What elements can I add an id to? You can add an id to any html tag
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once
    10. What is a class? The class attribute is often used to point to a class name in a style sheet. It can also be used by a JavaScript to access and manipulate elements with the specific class name.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? You can add a class to any html tag
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? Multiple times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? Add a target="_blank" attribute to your links
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? The required alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed. The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it
    15. How do I reference an id? To select an element with a specific id, write a hash (#) character, followed by the id of the element.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A section tag is semantic, a div tag is not.
    17. What is CSS used for? CSS is the language for describing the presentation of Web pages, including colors, layout, and fonts
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{ "CSS GOES HERE"} We can select an element using the tag name or by using a class name or id name. Selecting the h2 tag will select every h2 element on the page
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. The only difference between them is that “id” is unique in a page and can only apply to at most one element, while “class” selector can apply to multiple elements
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?To select elements with a specific class, write a period (.) character, followed by the name of the class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human{ }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? The parent selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. If you want to select all the child elements in a document you can just select the parent element and the styling would be passed down.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar li{ css goes here }
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? Use the line-height property in CSS to do so
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?Use the letter-spacing property in CSS to do so
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? We use the text-transform attribute in css
    29. How do I select everything on the page? The * selector selects all elements on a page
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?A CSS comment is placed inside the <style> element, and starts with /* and ends with */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? To list the directory you are in, use the pwd command which stands for print working directory
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?Using the ls command 
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? We can use the rm command to delete a file. A little typo or ignorance may result into unrecoverable system damage.
    34. Why should I use version control? Version control is important to keep track of changes and keep every team member working off the latest version. You should use version control software for all code, files, and assets that multiple team members will collaborate on.
    35. How often should I commit to github? Commit whenever you finish a step of code.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Create YOUR OWN version of Repo —> (Fork). Add your TL as a collaborator on your forked Repo. Clone your Repo using GitHub’s 'Clone or download' button.Back inside your CLI, use the cd command to go to the directory where you are going to want to clone your forked Repo. Use the git clone command to clone the repo to the directory you are currently in.Cd into the newly created repo using the cd command.Use the git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname’ command to create your own branch name for the repo. When you are finished adding changes with git add and git commit -m now you will push your changes  to your github repo using git push -u origin branch-name. Now that the changes are on github you can submit a PR (Pull Request). Go back to your forked Project repo on github. Click on the Branch:master button on the left side. This will create a dropdown where you should be able to select your name-branch now. Click your name-branch and then click the New pull request button to make a pull request on your name branch. After you click new pull request it should redirect you to the pull request page. IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOU DO NOT CLICK THE Create pull request BUTTON UNTIL AFTER YOU’VE COMPLETED THE NEXT STEP. When you get to the PR page, make sure to click the dropdown button that says base repository and CHANGE it to be your FORKED REPO instead of the original Lambda repo. Add your TL to the Reviewers and then submit the pull request. DO NOT MERGE YOUR OWN PULL REQUEST. Your TL will merge the PR after they have done a review


